# public Spects
A device for keeping awake a person that is about to fall asleep is proposed, by comprising a pair of glasses with a frame that has an alarm, the sensor for detecting the movements of an eye blink, and one battery, and one buzzer for making sounds and the preface working manner is to determine whether the user's eye is open or closed based upon the results of the measurement of the reflection of the light directed at the eye of the user and activating an alarm when the user's eye is closed for a predetermined length of time. The apparatus includes: a head mounted eyewear frame; a light source supported by the frame and positioned on the frame so that the light source can send a ray of light at an eye of the user; a light detector supported by the frame and positioned on the frame to detect a reflection of the ray of light sent to the user's eye by the light source; an audio and a speaker supported to the frame which generates an alarm signal when the light detector senses that the user's eye has been closed for a predetermined period of time, by that user has to awake and handle that situation in a proper manner. 
1)This spects working process is mainly based on Arduino board which  is known as Arduino Nano . It works as similar to Arduino nano.In this  the process of working is based on IR sensor and  Arduinoboard .The Main objective of this project is to prevent users from accidents. Many accidents are caused by loss of vehicle control due to drivers suddenly falling into sleep. In most cases the driver is tired, and without realizing it, tends to temporarily close his/her eyes to rest, especially when the road is smooth and with little traffic, this momentary inattention can be fatal. Those who are in most of risks are those people who drive for several hours for work-related reasons, especially during night time (e.g., truck drivers, bus drivers, taxi drivers, sales agents, etc..). Nevertheless there are currently no devices on the market able to recognize the onset of drivers "falling into sleep" and prevent them from it, keeping the subject awake.
The aim of the next project is to provide drivers with a device capable of keeping awake the person who is about to fall asleep.
Unlike previous devices, here in after referred to the present invention does not use lights to awaken the driver, since often such systems have proved useless, but it is based on sending an electrical impulse to awake the subject/user by making a vibrant sounds.
To reduce these Accidents/Deaths we come up with this project ,because of many reasons. In all over the world transportation facility is needed by everyone. So that due to many more having in lot of situations accidents are causing in common. The Transportation is also one of the major foundation of country’s economic structure
